Describing with flags: 0
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = null

Describing with flags: 257
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = null
	constructor = null
	interfaces = null
	metadata = null
	methods = null
	variables = null

Describing with flags: 258
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = com.ruffle::RuffleBase,Object
		0 = com.ruffle::RuffleBase
		1 = Object
	constructor = null
	interfaces = null
	metadata = null
	methods = null
	variables = null

Describing with flags: 260
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = null
	constructor = null
	interfaces = com.ruffle::MyInterface
		0 = com.ruffle::MyInterface
	metadata = null
	methods = null
	variables = null

Describing with flags: 264
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = null
	constructor = null
	interfaces = null
	metadata = null
	methods = null
	variables = [object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object]
		0 = [object Object]
			access = readonly
			metadata = null
			name = baseMyConst
			type = *
			uri = null
		1 = [object Object]
			access = readwrite
			metadata = null
			name = baseMyVar
			type = *
			uri = null
		2 = [object Object]
			access = readonly
			metadata = null
			name = myConst
			type = *
			uri = null
		3 = [object Object]
			access = readwrite
			metadata = null
			name = myVar
			type = *
			uri = null

Describing with flags: 272
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = [object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object]
		0 = [object Object]
			access = readonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleBase
			metadata = null
			name = baseGetterAndSetter
			type = Boolean
			uri = null
		1 = [object Object]
			access = readonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleBase
			metadata = null
			name = baseGetterOnly
			type = String
			uri = null
		2 = [object Object]
			access = writeonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleBase
			metadata = null
			name = baseGetterandSetter
			type = Boolean
			uri = null
		3 = [object Object]
			access = writeonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleBase
			metadata = null
			name = baseSetterOnly
			type = Boolean
			uri = null
		4 = [object Object]
			access = readonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
			metadata = null
			name = getterAndSetter
			type = Boolean
			uri = null
		5 = [object Object]
			access = readonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
			metadata = null
			name = getterOnly
			type = String
			uri = null
		6 = [object Object]
			access = writeonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
			metadata = null
			name = getterandSetter
			type = Boolean
			uri = null
		7 = [object Object]
			access = readonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
			metadata = null
			name = interfaceGetter
			type = *
			uri = null
		8 = [object Object]
			access = writeonly
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
			metadata = null
			name = setterOnly
			type = Boolean
			uri = null
	bases = null
	constructor = null
	interfaces = null
	metadata = null
	methods = null
	variables = null

Describing with flags: 288
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = null
	constructor = null
	interfaces = null
	metadata = null
	methods = [object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object],[object Object]
		0 = [object Object]
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleBase
			metadata = null
			name = baseMyMethod
			parameters = 
			returnType = *
			uri = null
		1 = [object Object]
			declaredBy = Object
			metadata = null
			name = hasOwnProperty
			parameters = [object Object]
				0 = [object Object]
					optional = true
					type = *
			returnType = Boolean
			uri = http://adobe.com/AS3/2006/builtin
		2 = [object Object]
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
			metadata = null
			name = interfaceMethod
			parameters = 
			returnType = *
			uri = null
		3 = [object Object]
			declaredBy = Object
			metadata = null
			name = isPrototypeOf
			parameters = [object Object]
				0 = [object Object]
					optional = true
					type = *
			returnType = Boolean
			uri = http://adobe.com/AS3/2006/builtin
		4 = [object Object]
			declaredBy = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
			metadata = null
			name = myMethod
			parameters = [object Object],[object Object]
				0 = [object Object]
					optional = false
					type = String
				1 = [object Object]
					optional = false
					type = flash.utils::ByteArray
			returnType = *
			uri = null
		5 = [object Object]
			declaredBy = Object
			metadata = null
			name = propertyIsEnumerable
			parameters = [object Object]
				0 = [object Object]
					optional = true
					type = *
			returnType = Boolean
			uri = http://adobe.com/AS3/2006/builtin
	variables = null

Describing with flags: 320
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = null
	constructor = null
	interfaces = null
	metadata = 
	methods = null
	variables = null

Describing with flags: 384
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = null
	constructor = [object Object],[object Object]
		0 = [object Object]
			optional = false
			type = String
		1 = [object Object]
			optional = false
			type = Boolean
	interfaces = null
	metadata = null
	methods = null
	variables = null

Describing with flags: 256
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = null
	constructor = null
	interfaces = null
	metadata = null
	methods = null
	variables = null

Describing with flags: 768

Describing with flags: 1280
isDynamic = false
isFinal = false
isStatic = false
name = com.ruffle::RuffleTest
traits = [object Object]
	accessors = null
	bases = null
	constructor = null
	interfaces = null
	metadata = null
	methods = null
	variables = null

